Markdownlint: custom rules documentation (#27545)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: markdownlint/docs/TOP003.md

# `TOP003` - Default Section Content

Tags: `content`

Aliases: `default-section-content`

This rule is triggered when a section does not have the expected default content or structure. The affected sections include:

- Lesson Overview
- Assignment
- Knowledge Check
- Additional Resources

> Below are some examples of errors and their solutions:

Reviewer: I don't think we really need this line.

## Contains Content Before or After List

> There should be no content before or after the unordered list, other than the default content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be no content before or after the unordered list of items in the "Lesson overview", "Knowledge check", and "Additional resources" sections, other than the default content.
```

Incorrect (content after the list):

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- LO item

Some additional content
```

Incorrect (content before the list):

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

Some additional content

- LO item
```

Correct:

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- LO item
```

## Contains Incorrect Default Content

Each section should contain the correct default content.

Incorrect (wrong default content before the list):

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section has the incorrect text following the heading.

- LO item
```

Correct:

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- LO item
```

> Incorrect (missing the list after the `Additional Resources` heading):

Reviewer: Let's combine this and the below incorrect LO example, we don't really need to show both.

```markdown
### Additional Resources

This section contains helpful links to related content. It is not required, so consider it supplemental.
```

Correct:

```markdown
### Additional Resources

This section contains helpful links to related content. It is not required, so consider it supplemental.

- AR item
```

Incorrect (missing the list for Lesson Overview):

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains helpful links to related content. It is not required, so consider it supplemental.
```

Correct:

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- LO item
```

Incorrect (contains a nested list):

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- An item
  - A nested item
```

Correct:

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- An item
- Another item
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a heading for the Assignment section not having the expected div wrapper.

Author: It seems we're missing a test for that.

Reviewer: Can you open a followup issue for this and ping me in it?

Author: I've included the test in this [commit](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/pull/27545/commits/ee3302aa214d192a05e0f74b755e2bd93174d780). Do we still open a new issue?

Reviewer: Oop nevermind 😆

```

## Contains incorrect default content

Each section should contain the correct default content.

Incorrect (wrong default content before the list):

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section has the incorrect text following the heading.

- LO item
```

Correct:

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- LO item
```

Incorrect (missing the list after the `Additional Resources` heading):

```markdown
### Additional Resources

This section contains helpful links to related content. It is not required, so consider it supplemental.
```

Correct:

```markdown
### Additional Resources

This section contains helpful links to related content. It is not required, so consider it supplemental.

- AR item
```

Incorrect (contains a nested list):

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- An item
  - A nested item
```

Correct:

```markdown
### Lesson Overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- An item
- Another item
```

## Missing "Assignment" section div wrapper

> The "Assignment" section ordered list should be wrapped in a div with the correct attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Assignment" section should contain a div with the correct attributes. Note that not all assignment content needs to be wrapped in this div, but it must at least exist in this section.
```

Author: Not all assignment content?

Reviewer: Not currently no. Maybe something to revisit, but right now we're just checking whether at least one of these div wrappers exists in the Assignment section.
